Document what "specialized" means. (#320)
WebAssembly/component-model: design/mvp/Explainer.md

(result <valtype>? (error <valtype>)?) ↦ (variant (case "ok" <valtype>?) (case "error" <valtype>?))
                                string ↦ (list char)
```

Specialized value types have the same semantics as their corresponding
despecialized types, but have distinct type encodings. This allows them to
convey a more specific intent; for example, `result` isn't just a variant,

> it's a variant that *means* succcess or failure, so source-code bindings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it's a variant that *means* success or failure, so source-code bindings
```

> can expose it via idiomatic source-language error reporting. And this can

Reviewer: It might be nice to call out canonical ABI string encoding here as well.

Author: I've now added a sentence mentioning that the Canonical ABI has different representations for `string` and `flags`.

(result <valtype>? (error <valtype>)?) ↦ (variant (case "ok" <valtype>?) (case "error" <valtype>?))
                                string ↦ (list char)
```

> Specialized value types have the same semantics as their corresponding
> despecialized types, but have distinct type encodings. This allows them to
> convey a more specific intent; for example, `result` isn't just a variant,
> it's a variant that *means* success or failure, so source-code bindings
> can expose it via idiomatic source-language error reporting. And, this can
> also sometimes allow values to be represented differently; for example,
> `string` may use different Unicode encodings while still representing the
> same set of values. Notably, the Canonical ABI uses different representations
> for `string` and `flags`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specialized value types have the same set of semantic values as their 
corresponding despecialized types, but have distinct type constructors
(which are not type-equal to the unspecialized type constructors) and
thus have distinct binary encodings. This allows specialized value types to
convey a more specific intent; for example, `result` isn't just a variant,
it's a variant that *means* success or failure, so source-code bindings
can expose it via idiomatic source-language error reporting. This can
sometimes allow values to be represented differently in the Canonical ABI.
For example, `string` uses various Unicode encodings while `list<char>`
uses a sequence of 4-byte `char` code points.  Similarly, `flags` uses a
bit-vector while an equivalent record of boolean fields uses a sequence of
boolean-valued bytes.
```
